

.

.

.

** [SBML](http://www.sbml.org/) level 2 code generated for the JWS Online project by Jacky Snoep using [PySCeS](http://pysces.sourceforge.net/)   
Run this model online at
[http://jjj.biochem.sun.ac.za](http://jjj.biochem.sun.ac.za/)  
To cite JWS Online please refer to: Olivier, B.G. and Snoep, J.L. (2004) [Web-
based modelling using JWS
Online](http://bioinformatics.oupjournals.org/cgi/content/abstract/20/13/2143)
, Bioinformatics, 20:2143-2144 **

.

.

.

.

.

.

This model was created using the reversible Michaelis Menten rate laws and the
corresponding parameters from the publication. It is not as such described in
the article.

This model originates from BioModels Database: A Database of Annotated
Published Models (http://www.ebi.ac.uk/biomodels/). It is copyright (c)
2005-2011 The BioModels.net Team.  
To the extent possible under law, all copyright and related or neighbouring
rights to this encoded model have been dedicated to the public domain
worldwide. Please refer to [CC0 Public Domain
Dedication](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) for more
information.

In summary, you are entitled to use this encoded model in absolutely any
manner you deem suitable, verbatim, or with modification, alone or embedded it
in a larger context, redistribute it, commercially or not, in a restricted way
or not..  
  
To cite BioModels Database, please use: [Li C, Donizelli M, Rodriguez N,
Dharuri H, Endler L, Chelliah V, Li L, He E, Henry A, Stefan MI, Snoep JL,
Hucka M, Le Nov√®re N, Laibe C (2010) BioModels Database: An enhanced, curated
and annotated resource for published quantitative kinetic models. BMC Syst
Biol., 4:92.](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20587024)

